you know couples have been cooped up for
almost two months now and inevitably
that leads to some pretty dumb fight so
we thought wouldn't it be fun to see
those dumb fights re-enacted by real
Hollywood stars and with that said it's
time for the dumb couple right
our fight tonight comes from a member of
our staff at Jimmy Kimmel Live his name
is Benjamin Benjamin writes my boyfriend
Chris came back from the store with two
pints of ice cream cookies and cream
which we both love and mint chocolate
chip which he loves and I hate well when
I went to serve myself some cookies and
cream he insisted on sharing that pint
because it was obvious he was just
trying to get more for himself well that
is certainly a dumb fight and now here
to turn that dumb fight into art please
welcome Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick
are you guys ready to rumble we're ready
to ready all right and now from
beautiful bacon wick Manor we bring you
a scene from the new argument ice cream
[Applause]
okay ice cream for me ice cream for you
oh thank you so much Chris
cookies and cream my favorite hmm how
does it make you have to check not sure
I'm having cookies and cream you're
having cookies and cream too
yeah why is that a problem well you know
how much I love cookies and cream yeah
oh yeah we've been together eight and a
half years so yeah I know how much you
love cookies oh great you also bought me
chocolate chip which I hate which you
don't have to eat run out of cookies and
cream because someone who likes mint
chocolate chip cookies the cream effect
well maybe someone didn't want to open
up a whole brand-new pint or maybe
someone just hogging up all the ice
cream well maybe so much to do their own
shopping next time here here's your
cookies and cream there you go
[Applause]
see you Wow that was fantastic
and Kyra Sedgwick I don't know if you
can get an Emmy for that but I sure hope
you do Wow yeah a heck of a way to begin
this if you want to see your dumb fight
act it out tell us what happened to you
with the hashtag dumb couple fights and
maybe you'll be fortunate enough to have
this happen you guys were that was
really beautiful and speaking of
beautiful Kevin and Kyra I'm making a
donation every night to a different
charity you chose 6° org your charity to
support I feed the front so this is your
foundation tell us what you guys are
doing to feed the front well it's it's a
pretty cool idea because very very small
donation or a large donation if you wish
actually supports restaurants and the
restaurant workers and then they deliver
meals actually to our health care
workers in a hospital so it really it's
it gives it gives in two ways one way
you're supporting our health care
workers providing food for them they
need the fuel they're out there you know
kicking ass every day and at the same
time you're also supporting these these
small restaurants that are struggling
that is a great two-for-one I thank you
guys you were fantastic
again the charity go to 6° org slash I
feed the front Kevin Bacon Kyra Sedgwick
thank you so much we'll be right back
thank you thank you